Smart contract rustup compiler issue (#834)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/mainnet/smart-contracts/tutorials/setup-env.rst

First, you need to install ``rustup`` which installs Rust and Cargo to your computer. Go to `Rustup <https://rustup.rs/>`_ to install ``rustup`` for your platform.

> Due to a known error in Rust, you must install the compiler version 1.69 or earlier. To do that, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to a change in the behavior of the rust compiler, you must install the compiler version 1.69 or earlier. To do that, run:
```
